What's going on, guys? This video, we're gonna be talking about for what qualifies for a payout, so…
What are the do's and don'ts when it comes to what platforms you're posting on, how you're posting, what you're posting.
And everything along those lines, so that you're following the guidelines and you're actually getting paid out for the work that you're doing.
So, to start off, let's talk about our monthly budget.
So every month, our clients will give us a specific budget for the views that they want to generate. Their budget can range between $10,000 and $100,000 or more per month, maybe even a million dollars per month.
That entire budget will go towards paying you, aka the Clipper, for generating those views. So, general rule of thumb is a dollar for a thousand views.
It can be more. Sometimes, depending on the client, it's $2 for 1,000 views.
Depending on the style of content, if you're doing UGC content, that would pay out $3 for 1,000 views.
And there are bonus opportunities for hitting certain milestones, for posting for a certain number of days.
Creating specific accounts, all those things, those are all going to be included, and those are milestones that get paid out as well.
Once the monthly budget is finished, any views accumulated in that month, they won't be paid out until the next month's budget.
So this rarely happens, but…
At the end of the month, there are times where you are gaining views, and the client runs out of their budget, and then their next budget starts maybe the next day.
You will not…
get paid out until that next day. So, you will get paid out for the views, but sometimes that might be a few days, couple days delayed.
So just keep that in mind. Just want you to be sure… be aware of that. You will get paid out.
It just might not be immediately if it's at near the end of the budget.
Now, one really cool thing is not only are you going to be getting paid out for the views that you're generating, but depending on the client, you can also earn a sales commission for every sale your content drives. So, there's these things called affiliate links.
is a big… proponent of this. They have…
affiliate links for all of their communities. The creators of the coaching programs, communities, online businesses, whatever it is on WAP, they can choose what percentage commission they want to give for all affiliates that drive those sales. So when you actually create your account.
you put the link in the bio, it's gonna be your affiliate link. So then when someone signs up for the coaching program that you're driving sales to, if it's a coaching program.
You can actually earn a commission on those sales.
And I'll go over some of the… all of the affiliate stuff in a separate video, but…
Just want to make you aware that not only are you getting paid out for the views, you can also be paid out on a commission base for the sales that you drive using your content.
So now let's talk about content qualifications. The platforms that we'll accept posts on include Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, and X slash Twitter. Those are the four. If you're not posting on those four, you're not gonna get paid out. We don't really care about LinkedIn.
Facebook Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, Twitter, make sure you're posting on those four only.
All clips must be original content. No reposts of other people's content. You cannot just repurpose someone else's content and post it and pretend it's your own. We will know, we have a software that can detect these things, and you won't get approved, you won't get paid out.
So, you can use parts of someone else's content, but make sure you're changing the audio, you're changing the style, you're using parts of it. It has to be your original content. You're changing the overlays, whatever it might be.
All the videos must be at least 10 seconds long.
You cannot have a 2-second video. Even if it goes viral, it generates 3 trillion views. You're not gonna get paid out for it. It has to be at least 10 seconds long.
Your audience location must be at least 50% English-focused, so that's US, UK, California, Australia, England.
Yeah, at least 50% English-focused. You can have the other 50% be non-English focused, but at least 50% of that audience from that account has to be English-focused.
The next two are very, very, very important. No botted views, no paid promo, must be organic views. You cannot pay for views, we have a software that detects these, and you will get denied and banned immediately.
We are not… In the market for botted views, and we're not paying you out for any botted views.
And no paid promo, no boosting your content.
You cannot pay for views. This has to be organic views that you're generating.
And again, no spamming posts. There should be at least 2-3 hours between each post,
make sure… you don't want to get blocked on Instagram for spamming posts. Action blocked, you can get suspended or even banned for these things, so make sure you're spacing it out at least 2-3 hours between each post.
And again, this is a quality, not a quantity game.
If you post 3 pieces of really good content that go off, and you generate 3 million views, that's $3,000 in your pocket.
So those are the content qualifications,
Again, if there's any other way that you guys are gonna be generating views that aren't organic,
feel free to know that they will not be paid out. They have to be organic views, we know when they're not.
So don't try any sneaky business.
But these are the content qualifications. As long as you're following all of these things, you will be paid out, for the views that you generate for our clients.
So… See you on the next video, see you on the live training, and… Good luck to you guys.